# final_report
Internet traffic originating from Africa and destined to
Africa has been characterised with high latency. This
has been due to the circuitous paths the intra-continent
traffic follows. Many internet researchers have recom-
mended that to solve this challenge, various African
ISPs need to peer at local African IXPs. However, the
question that arises from this recommendation is what
is the best way the African ISPs can peer at local
African IXPS and offer the best internet performance.
The solution to this question is to first map the existing
African internet topology and then perform topology
simulation to evaluate performance of various routing
and peering scenarios.

This paper presents the development and assessment
of a web internet topology simulator. The developed
simulator allows internet researchers to evaluate in-
ternet performance based on the peering scenario and
given network conditions. Most of the existing simula-
tors do not run on the web and depend on synthetic
generated topology but the simulator discussed in this
paper runs on the web and uses topology generated from
real internet measurements.

Acess the code here: https://github.com/Geraldjoshua/Visualization-and-simulation-of-Africa-s-Internet-topology
